doc: Merges CLOUDP-274025 docs & examples branch - DONT MERGE YET (#3079)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/guides/1.29.0-upgrade-guide.md

---
page_title: "Upgrade Guide 1.29.0"
---

# MongoDB Atlas Provider 1.29.0: Upgrade and Information Guide

The Terraform MongoDB Atlas Provider version 1.29.0 has a number of new and exciting features.

## New Resources, Data Sources, and Features

> - `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` is available in a Preview for MongoDB Atlas Provider 2.0.0. It is implemented using the recommended [Terraform Plugin Framework](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/framework). This improves the overall user experience and provides a more consistent and predictable behavior. It supports the latest Terraform features and best practices, including support for `moved` block between different resource types, for more information see the [Migration Guide: Cluster to Advanced Cluster](cluster-to-advanced-cluster-migration-guide) and the [resource documentation page](../resources/advanced_cluster%2520%2528preview%2520provider%2520v2%2529).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` is now available as Preview of MongoDB Atlas Provider 2.0.0. It is implemented using the recommended [Terraform Plugin Framework](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/framework), which adds support to the `moved` block between different resource types. You can read more information on the [resource documentation page](../resources/advanced_cluster%2520%2528preview%2520provider%2520v2%2529). If you are already using `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`, you can continue doing so with no changes. If you need to migrate from `mongodbatlas_cluster` to `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`, see the [Migration Guide: Cluster to Advanced Cluster](cluster-to-advanced-cluster-migration-guide#moved-block).
```

Author: resolving as you already did the changes in a commit

> - `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` is available in a Preview for MongoDB Atlas Provider 2.0.0. It is implemented using the recommended [Terraform Plugin Framework](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/framework). This improves the overall user experience and provides a more consistent and predictable behavior. It supports the latest Terraform features and best practices, including support for `moved` block between different resource types, for more information see the [Migration Guide: Cluster to Advanced Cluster](cluster-to-advanced-cluster-migration-guide#moved-block) and the [resource documentation page](../resources/advanced_cluster%2520%2528preview%2520provider%2520v2%2529).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` is now available as Preview of MongoDB Atlas Provider 2.0.0. It is implemented using the recommended [Terraform Plugin Framework](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/framework), which adds support for the `moved` block between different resource types. You can read more information on the [resource documentation page](../resources/advanced_cluster%2520%2528preview%2520provider%2520v2%2529). If you are already using `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`, you can continue doing so with no changes. If you need to migrate from `mongodbatlas_cluster` to `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`, see the [Migration Guide: Cluster to Advanced Cluster](cluster-to-advanced-cluster-migration-guide#moved-block).
```

Reviewer: I propose this to give emphasis at this section as an entry point. Customer reads this, if they need/want to know more they click on links but it should be immediately clear who should and should not take an action

Author: @marcosuma resolving this comment as you already pushed a commit with this change
